Allow custom data attributes (#43)
afconsult/quill-mention: README.md

| `isolateCharacter`   | `false`        | Whether or not the denotation character(s) should be isolated. For example, to avoid mentioning in an email.
| `fixMentionsToQuill` | `false`        | When set to true, the mentions menu will be rendered above or below the quill container. Otherwise, the mentions menu will track the denotation character(s);
| `defaultMenuOrientation` | `'bottom'` | Options are `'bottom'` and `'top'`. Determines what the default orientation of the menu will be. Quill-mention will attempt to render the menu either above or below the editor. If `'top'` is provided as a value, and there is not enough space above the editor, the menu will be rendered below. Vice versa, if there is not enough space below the editor, and `'bottom'` is provided as a value (or no value is provided at all), the menu will be rendered above the editor.

> | `dataAttributes` | `null`        | A list of data values you wish to be passed from your list data to the html node. (`id, value, denotationChar` are included by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dataAttributes` | `['id', 'value', 'denotationChar', 'link']`        | A list of data values you wish to be passed from your list data to the html node. (`id, value, denotationChar, link` are included by default).
```
